Terms and Conditions
--------------------

#### Updated on 10/11/2020

We appreciate your visit to our websites. Be sure to carefully read the Terms and Conditions presented to the extent that, using our website (ANYBRAIN.GG and PERFORMETRIC.GG) and/or subscribing to any ANYBRAIN Services, implies acceptance of them. We reserve the right to change or update these Terms and Conditions. Please check the page at any time to get the latest version.

These Terms and Conditions correspond to the General Terms of use of the website and/or our Services, and are not intended to address all issues that may arise in the use of any ANYBRAIN Service, and must be combined with the Privacy and Cookies Policy, and also with Particular Terms established in Contracts signed between ANYBRAIN and the Client.

For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the following concepts should be taken into account:

*   "ANYBRAIN", "we", "our" and us – ANYBRAIN, S.A.
*   "Our Websites" – ANYBRAIN.GG, dashboard.anybrain.gg and PERFOMETRIC.GG, websites owned by ANYBRAIN, S.A. (hereinafter "ANYBRAIN").
*   "Service" – services provided by ANYBRAIN, specified in Clause 3 of these Terms and Conditions.
*   "Website user" – a person who accesses ANYBRAIN's websites until the moment in which he acquires the status of Client.
*   "Client" – natural or legal person who subscribes and/or contracts ANYBRAIN’s services.
*   "General Terms" – general provisions established in these Terms and Conditions.
*   "Particular Terms" – particular provisions agreed in writing contract between the Client and ANYBRAIN, regarding the object of the Contract or referred to in a specific area of ​​the website for a given service.

#### 1\. Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy

Personal data sent through websites owned by ANYBRAIN – ANYBRAIN.GG, dashboard.anybrain.gg and PERFOMETRIC.GG – and/or through ANYBRAIN’s products/Services are subjected to our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. To find out more information about the processing of your personal data, we advise you to read ANYBRAIN's Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.

#### 2\. Contents of our websites

2.1Our websites and mobile applications contain information and documentation about software solutions, produced by the company itself.

2.2Our websites and mobile applications also aim to function as a mean of communication between potential clients interested in the company's services, in some cases, there may be forms and an online help-desk for that purpose.

#### 3\. Our services

3.1ANYBRAIN is dedicated to the development of software and consulting solutions, data processing and the use of machine learning algorithms for the video game, security and business industry.

3.2Our Services represent a generic methodology for controlling Users' computer interactions, and are not intended to be used as the sole basis for any actions or monitoring specifically aimed at individual Users.

3.3ANYBRAIN’s services currently available:

*   **ANYBRAIN.GG SDK:** software development kit to be integrated into the Client's software and applications to be used by Users. It consists of a software library downloaded from the customer's computer terminals in order to be implemented in an application or software in order to allow to monitor users, namely the use of keyboards and mouse and all interactions with the computer during the usage of the Client’s application.
*   **ANYBRAIN.GG API:** a set of functions and procedures allowing the creation of applications that access the features or data of an application, or other service from the Client. Allowing to consult the data generated by the SDK.
*   **Backoffice:** ANYBRAIN.GG module for users who are administrators of Clients, with:

*   **Analytics**: module to access information and reports related to the data and activities of Customers and Users in ANYBRAIN.GG SDK;
*   **Administrators Management**: define which users have access to the Backoffice and subscription management (payments, etc.).

3.4We may make changes or updates to our Services (such as infrastructures, security, technical configurations, application characteristics, etc.) during the duration of these Terms and Conditions, in particular to reflect technological changes, industrial practices, usage patterns of system and the availability of third party content. Our Services are subjected to change at ANYBRAIN's discretion, however, changes to our Services will not result in a material reduction in the level of performance or availability of the applicable ANYBRAIN.GG’s Services provided to the Customer.

3.5If, as a result of any legislative changes or other rules with equivalent force (including any reasonable interpretation of them), ANYBRAIN considers, in its reasonable opinion, that it is no longer desirable or commercially viable to continue to provide ANYBRAIN Services or ensure its performance or in accordance with this Agreement, we will have the right to take one of the following actions, notifying the Client in writing with at least 1 (one) month advance notice:

3.6Our websites and mobile applications also aim to function as a mean of communication between potential clients interested in the company's services, in some cases, there may be forms and an online help-desk for that purpose.

*   Modify the affected ANYBRAIN Services as necessary to accommodate such changes or unavailability;
*   Terminate the Agreement (without liability) in relation to ANYBRAIN’s Services that are affected by such changes or unavailability.

#### 4\. Intellectual Property

4.1All Copyrights and other Intellectual Property Rights related to the content and structure of our websites and services, as well as any and all documentation related to the same, will continue to belong to ANYBRAIN.

4.2Licenses for the use of our websites and/or services are granted in an exclusive and non-transferable manner. ANYBRAIN does not grant any other license or authorization over the copyright and other intellectual property rights related to the content and structure of our websites and services, as well as any and all related documents.

4.3The website user and/or the Client undertake not to remove, suppress or modify, in any way, any marking of property, including any trademark or copyright notice and other intellectual property rights, on or in ANYBRAIN’s materials, also agreeing to incorporate such proprietary marks in any lawful copies of such materials.

4.4Total or partial reproduction of our websites, ANYBRAIN’s services and any and all related documentation for commercial purposes is prohibited, as well as their alteration or incorporation in any other article, publication or website. The incorrect or abusive use or use of any other content on this website is strictly prohibited and cannot be used outside the conditions of free use permitted by law, without the express and written consent of the owner.

4.5We warn that ANYBRAIN will use all legal mechanisms to protect, reinforce and exercise its copyright and other intellectual property rights.

#### 5\. Prohibited activities

5.1The Client and the website user are solely responsible for the use they make of all content available on or from our websites and services, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

5.2The Client and the website user undertake to guide their conduct by respecting these Terms and Conditions and other applicable legislation, including, but not limited to, the copyright and other Intellectual Property Rights and criminal legislation.

5.3Therefore, any activities that are considered by ANYBRAIN to be inappropriate and/or that are likely to be illegal under applicable law are prohibited, including, but not limited to:

*   Any act that may constitute a violation of any rules, regulations or standards of the networks related to the use of our websites and/or services;
*   Any act that may constitute a breach of privacy (including sending private information to this website and/or our Services without the consent of the affected person) or any other legal rights of natural and/or legal persons;
*   Produce or reproduce content with offensive, defamatory or susceptible characteristics that may violate the privacy or other ANYBRAIN’S rights, its employees or third parties, or act in a way to discredit ANYBRAIN's reputation;
*   Place or transmit to our websites and/or Services any unauthorized content, including, but not limited to, files containing computer virus, macro virus, trojans, worms or any other that may cause interference, interrupt or condition its normal functioning, or could, in any way, cause damages or losses to ANYBRAIN’S property or to the property of natural and/or legal persons;
*   Any attempt to breach the security or integrity of ANYBRAIN's computer systems and networks or of third party computer systems and networks used by ANYBRAIN to provide the Service;
*   Any attempt to modify, copy, adapt, reproduce, decompile or use any reverse engineering technique in any part of the software used to deliver the Service or website;
*   Any attempt to access any content other than that to which it has been explicitly given access or to computer systems on which the Service is hosted.

#### 6\. Interruption or suspension of access

6.1ANYBRAIN reserves the right to interrupt access to its websites and/or services for as long as it determines necessary, for any technical, administrative, force majeure or other reasons that may arise and are not expressly contemplated here.

6.2ANYBRAIN cannot be held responsible for any suspension or interruption of access that may occur as a result of facts that are not attributable to it, or that are attributable as a mere negligence.

#### 7\. Limitation of liability

7.1To the maximum extent permitted by law, ANYBRAIN will not be held accountable for any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special or consequential loss, loss, claim or damage of any kind, including, without limitation, lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based on contract, wrongful act (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise (even if alerted to such a possibility), arising from:

*   A breach of this Agreement by the Customer and / or users;
*   Any inaccuracy, incompleteness or other error in the ANYBRAIN’s Services that arises as a result of the information provided to ANYBRAIN by the Client and/or Users;
*   Any inaccuracy, incompleteness or other error in the information with specific content or descriptions on technical issues of ANYBRAIN’s services that may not be up to date or available at times, due, for example, to changes or updates of the service itself;
*   The use of features or elements made available in the ANYBRAIN.GG SDK or API by the Client and/or Users;
*   Any misuse, loss or corruption of Customer or User data stored at Third Party Providers;
*   Malfunction, interruption, downtime, interruption or unavailability or degradation of the performance of ANYBRAIN’s Services caused by Third Party Suppliers;
*   Computer viruses, macro viruses, trojans, worms or any other on the our websites.

7.2Under no circumstances will ANYBRAIN's liability arising from these Terms, for any cause of action, exceed the aggregate annual amounts actually payable under this Agreement by the Customer in the three (3) months prior to the occurrence of the event giving rise to the liability.

7.3Nothing in this Agreement excludes or limits in any way the liability of either party for any matter for which it is illegal to exclude liability.

#### 8\. Fees

8.1The Customer is responsible for the payment of the Service in accordance with the characteristics of the subscription and the desired periodicity, once paid, it is not refundable.

8.2ANYBRAIN will apply the rates selected by the Client when subscribing to the ANYBRAIN’s Services from the date of creation of an account at ANYBRAIN.GG and it will be available to the Client.

8.3Fees to API calls are applicable by the number of hours used of the ANYBRAIN’s platform.

8.4VAT and other applicable taxes are added to the amounts presented, which will be charged at the legal rate.

8.5ANYBRAIN will bill the Customer monthly for late payments. All invoices are payable within 30 (thirty) days after receipt of the invoice by the Customer. If any amount billed to the Client by ANYBRAIN is not paid by its due date, ANYBRAIN will be entitled to suspend the provision of ANYBRAIN’s Services, with a written notice of 15 (fifteen) days.

8.6Any unpaid amounts will be subjected to default interest at the maximum legal interest rate permitted by law.

#### 9\. Termination, expiration or rescission

9.1When subscribing for services through the ANYBRAIN.GG platform, it is considered that the Contract begins on the date of creation of the account at ANYBRAIN.GG and that it is in force for one month, unless the Customer selects a different term when subscribing ANYBRAIN’s Services, in which case the last term should be the one to consider. The subscription is renewable for identical periods, unless it is ended by either Party by giving notice to the other Party at least 15 (fifteen) days before the term in question.

9.2If the Customer violates any provision of these Terms and Conditions, ANYBRAIN has the right to terminate this Agreement by giving written notice received by the other Party at least 15 (fifteen) days prior to the date on which the termination will take place.

9.3In the event of the termination of the term of this agreement, all obligations of the parties under the agreement cease, without either party being entitled to compensation from the other, with the exception of: (i) The obligation of confidentiality, (ii) The obligation imposed on the Customer to pay unpaid fees for the period in which the service was subscribed; (iii) The obligation imposed on ANYBRAIN to provide services that were paid but not provided.

#### 10\. Notifications

10.1Unless otherwise specified, any notice or other communication required under this Agreement or related to the matters contemplated by it, must be made in writing and in English and sent by email to the email address info@anybrain.gg.

10.2The Parties to this Agreement undertake to keep their contacts up to date, undertaking to notify the other Party of any change in their address or other data, such notification shall take effect on the following business day.

#### 11\. Confidentiality and exchange of confidential information

11.1Each party undertakes before the other to maintain confidentiality and not to disclose, without the prior written consent of the other party, to any other entity or person (other than the respective directors, employees, agents or professional consultants who strictly need know), and in no case to use it for their own purposes, any information relating to the business or affairs of the other party, or the object of this agreement that one of the parties may disclose or provide to the other or to which the other is authorized to access or otherwise obtain (before or after the date of acceptance of this agreement by both parties).

11.2Each party also undertakes to make every effort to ensure that the respective employees, service providers, agents and professional consultants observe the same confidentiality obligation.

#### 12\. Divergence and/or contradiction between Terms

12.1The General Terms set out in these Terms and Conditions apply to the use of the our websites and to the subscription of ANYBRAIN’s services, being a complement to any Particular Terms agreed in writing between the Client and ANYBRAIN regarding the object of the contract or referred to in a specific area the website for a particular product or service.

12.2In case of divergence, contradiction and/or incompatibility, the provisions in the Particular Terms prevail over the provisions in the General Terms; prevailing over both any additional written stipulations specially agreed between the Client and ANYBRAIN, provided that signed by both, which form part of the contract; the provisions of the General Terms that are not affected by such contradiction remain valid.

12.3When a Contract with Particular Terms is signed or when additional written stipulations are contracted between the Client and ANYBRAIN, these can only be changed in writing, by document signed by both the Client and ANYBRAIN, which becomes an integral part of that.

#### 13\. Changes and updates

13.1ANYBRAIN has the right to, at its discretion, change or revoke any general terms provided for in these Terms and Conditions or to add new provisions. In this case, ANYBRAIN S.A shall notify the Customer of the new applicable terms and conditions.

13.2Upon receipt of the notification referred to in this clause, the Customer has the right, within 15 (fifteen) days from the date of receipt of said communication, to terminate this Agreement, if the new terms and conditions are manifestly unfavorable to the Customer.

13.3The termination by the Client, under the terms set out in this clause, does not release the Customer from the obligation to pay unpaid fees for the period for which the service was used.

#### 14\. Jurisdiction and applicable legislation

The website user and/or Client and ANYBRAIN accept, without reservation, that any dispute resulting from the use of the ANYBRAIN’s websites and/or services will be governed by Portuguese law, with the jurisdiction of Lisbon being considered as competent, with express waiver of any other.

#### 15\. Contact Information

For any question related to these Terms and Conditions, the website user and/or Client can contact ANYBRAIN through the following address: Edifício GNRATION, Praça Conde Agrolongo, n.º 123, 4700-312 , Braga. Or via the email address: info@anybrain.gg.