Warcraft® III Art Tools
=======================

LAST REVISED: MAY 19, 2015

**YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT BEFORE INSTALLING THIS SOFTWARE PROGRAM. BY INSTALLING, COPYING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE PROGRAM, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, PROMPTLY DELETE ANY OF THE FILES THAT YOU HAVE DOWNLOADED RELATED TO THIS SOFTWARE PROGRAM.**

This software program (the “Program”), any printed materials, any online or electronic documentation, and any and all copies, derivative works of such software program and materials created with the Program, are the copyrighted work of Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. (“Blizzard”) and/or its licensors, including, but not necessarily limited to, Autodesk®, Inc. All use of the Program is governed by the terms of the End User License Agreement which is provided below (“License Agreement”). The Program is solely for use by end users according to the terms of the License Agreement. Any use, reproduction or redistribution of the Program not in accordance with the terms of the License Agreement is expressly prohibited.

END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
--------------------------

1.  **Limited Use License.** Blizzard hereby grants, and by downloading and/or installing the Program you thereby accept, a limited, non-exclusive license and right to download and install and use one (1) copy of the Program for your use on either a home or portable computer. The Program contains software which is utilized as a plug-in for Autodesk's 3DS Max® software product to create certain art files that can produce standalone graphic illustrations, as well as operate in conjunction with the Warcraft® III 'Campaign Editor' (the “Editor”) to allow you to create custom levels or other materials for your personal use (“New Materials”) in connection with Blizzard’s Warcraft III Interactive game (“Warcraft III”). Use of 3DS Max is governed by the Autodesk, Inc. license agreement. All use of the New Materials is subject to this License Agreement. In addition, the Program can be utilized with the Editor to create New Materials that can be utilized in conjunction with Warcraft III to play over Blizzard Entertainment's online game network, Battle.net. Use of New Materials on Battle.net is subject to your acceptance of the Battle.net End User License Agreement. Blizzard Entertainment reserves the right to update, modify or change the Battle.net End User License Agreement at any time. All terms and conditions referenced therein are included herein, and in the event of a conflict in terms between the Warcraft III End User License Agreement and this License Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Warcraft III End User License Agreement shall prevail.
    
2.  **Ownership.** All title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to the Program and any and all copies thereof, and any New Materials (including but not limited to any titles, computer code, themes, objects, characters, character names, stories, dialog, catch phrases, locations, concepts, artwork, animations, sounds, musical compositions, audio-visual effects, methods of operation, moral rights, any related documentation, and “applets” incorporated into the Program) are owned by Blizzard Entertainment or its licensors. The Program is protected by the copyright laws of the United States, international copyright treaties and conventions and other laws. All rights are reserved. The Program contains certain licensed materials, and Blizzard's licensors may protect their rights in the event of any violation of this Agreement.
    
3.  **Responsibilities of End User.**
    
    1.  Subject to the Grant of License hereinabove, you may not, in whole or in part, copy, photocopy, reproduce, translate, reverse engineer, derive source code from, modify, disassemble, decompile, create derivative works based on, or remove any proprietary notices or labels on the Program without the prior consent, in writing, of Blizzard.
    2.  The Program is licensed to you as a single product. Its component parts may not be separated for use on more than one computer.
    3.  You are entitled to use the Program for your own use, but you are not entitled to:
        1.  sell, grant a security interest in or transfer reproductions of the Program, or any New Materials, to other parties in any way, nor to rent, lease or license the Program or any New Materials to others without the prior written consent of Blizzard;
        2.  exploit the Program, any of its parts, or any New Materials for any commercial purpose including, but not limited to, use at a cyber café, computer gaming center or any other location-based site (Blizzard may offer a separate Site License Agreement to permit you to make the Program available for commercial use; contact Blizzard for details); or
        3.  use or allow third parties to use the Program, Editor and/or the New Materials created thereby for commercial purposes including, but not limited to, distribution of New Materials on a standalone basis or packaged with other software or hardware through any and all distribution channels, including, but not limited to, retail sales and online electronic distribution, without the express written consent of Blizzard.
4.  **Program Transfer.** You may permanently transfer all of your rights under this License Agreement, provided the recipient agrees to the terms of this License Agreement and you agree to remove the Program and any New Materials from your home or portable computer.
    
5.  **Termination.** This License Agreement is effective until terminated. You may terminate the License Agreement at any time by destroying the Program and any New Materials. Blizzard may, at its discretion, terminate this License Agreement in the event that you fail to comply with the terms and conditions contained herein. In such event, you must immediately destroy the Program and any New Materials.
    
6.  **Export Controls.** The files, programs, and any and all computer code contained in the Program may not be re-exported, downloaded or otherwise exported into into any country against which the U.S. Government maintains comprehensive economic sanctions or to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or the U.S. Commerce Department's Denied Persons List or Entity List. Additionally, Blizzard is also restricted from providing services that may be available through the Service to all such countries and/or individuals. You represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
    
7.  **Disclaimer of Any Limited Warranty.** Blizzard expressly disclaims any warranty for the Program and Manual(s). The Program and Manual(s) are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or noninfringement. The entire risk arising out of use or performance of the Program and Manual(s) remains with you, the User. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties or liability for incidental damages, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
    
8.  **Disclaimer of Any Limited Warranty.** NEITHER BLIZZARD NOR ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES OR LICENSORS SHALL BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THE PROGRAM, THE EDITOR OR BLIZZARD ENTERTAINMENT'S ONLINE GAME NETWORK, BATTLE.NET, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES. ANY WARRANTY AGAINST INFRINGEMENT THAT MAY BE PROVIDED IN SECTION 2-312(3) OF THE UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE AND/OR IN ANY OTHER COMPARABLE STATE STATUTE IS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. FURTHER, BLIZZARD ENTERTAINMENT SHALL NOT BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR THE LOSS OR DAMAGE TO PLAYER CHARACTERS, ACCOUNTS, STATISTICS OR USER PROFILE INFORMATION STORED ON BATTLE.NET. BLIZZARD ENTERTAINMENT SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY INTERRUPTIONS OF SERVICE ON BATTLE.NET, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ISP DISRUPTIONS, SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE FAILURES OR ANY OTHER EVENT WHICH MAY RESULT IN A LOSS OF DATA OR DISRUPTION OF SERVICE. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, or allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitations may not apply.
    
9.  **Equitable Remedies.** You hereby agree that Blizzard would be irreparably damaged if the terms of this License Agreement were not specifically enforced, and therefore you agree that Blizzard shall be entitled, without bond, other security, or proof of damages, to appropriate equitable remedies with respect to breaches of this License Agreement, in addition to such other remedies as Blizzard may otherwise have available to it under applicable laws. In the event any litigation is brought by either party in connection with this License Agreement, the prevailing party in such litigation shall be entitled to recover from the other party all the costs, attorneys' fees and other expenses incurred by such prevailing party in the litigation.
    
10.  **Limitations on License.** Nothing in this License Agreement shall preclude you from making or authorizing the making of another copy or adaptation of the Program provided, however, that (1) such new copy or adaptation is created as an essential step in your utilization of the Program in accordance with the terms of this License Agreement and for NO OTHER PURPOSE; or (2) such new copy or adaptation is for archival purposes ONLY, and all archival copies are destroyed in the event of your Transfer of the Program, the Termination of this Agreement or other circumstances under which your continued use of the Program ceases to be rightful.
    
11.  **Miscellaneous.** This License Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and executed in the State of California, and any dispute arising hereunder shall be resolved in accordance with the law of California. You agree that any claim asserted in any legal proceeding by one of the parties against the other shall be commenced and maintained in any state or federal court located in the State of California, County of Los Angeles, having subject matter jurisdiction with respect to the dispute between the parties. This License Agreement may be amended, altered or modified only by an instrument in writing, specifying such amendment, alteration or modification, executed by both parties. In the event that any provision of this License Agreement shall be held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and the remaining portions of this License Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This License Agreement constitutes and contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior oral or written agreements.
    
    I hereby acknowledge that I have read and understand the foregoing License Agreement and agree that the action of installing the Program is an acknowledgment of my agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of the License Agreement contained herein.
    

[

Back To Directory](/en-us/legal)